Espresso support with most recent Enso@GraalVM (#6966)
enso-org/enso: docs/infrastructure/native-image.md

### Engine runner Configuration

The Native Image generation for the Engine Runner is currently in a preview
state. To generate the Native Image for runner simply execute

```bash
sbt> engine-runner/buildNativeImage
```

and execute the binary on a sample factorial test program

```bash
> runner --run engine/runner-native/src/test/resources/Factorial.enso 6
```

The task that generates the Native Image, along with all the necessary
configuration, reside in a separate project due to a bug in the currently used
GraalVM version. As September 2023 it can execute all Enso code, but cannot
invoke `IO.println` or other library functions that require
[polyglot java import](../../docs/polyglot/java.md), but read on...

### Engine with Espresso

Since [PR-6966](https://github.com/enso-org/enso/pull/6966) there is an
experimental support for including
[Espresso Java interpreter](https://www.graalvm.org/jdk17/reference-manual/java-on-truffle/)
to allow use of some library functions (like `IO.println`) in the _Native Image_
built runner.

The support can be enabled by setting environment variable `ENSO_JAVA=espresso`

> and making sure Espresso is installed in GraalVM executing the Enso engine -

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and making sure Espresso is installed in GraalVM executing the build process -
```

Author: No, it is really GraalVM executing the engine - at least in JVM mode. The code is compiled in all the time and can be activated by setting `ENSO_JAVA=espresso` before running the Enso engine.
